initial commit (#1)
OpenLiberty/project-templates: README.md

![](https://github.com/OpenLiberty/open-liberty/blob/master/logos/logo_horizontal_light_navy.png)

This repository contains starter templates for Open Liberty.
	
## Templates
 - gradle

>     - This template contains the core files needed for Open Liberty and Gradle to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This project template contains the core set of files to build applications with Open Liberty using Gradle as the build tool.
```

 - maven

>     - This template contains the core files needed for Open Liberty and Maven to run.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This project template contains the core set of files to build applications with Open Liberty using Apache Maven as the build tool.
```

  - simple-rest-app	

>     - This template contains both Gradle and Maven core files to run a simple greeting REST endpoint.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - This project template contains the core set of files to build applications with Open Liberty using Gradle or Maven with a simple REST endpoint included.
```

>     - Once started, the endpoint can be reached at http://localhost:9080/api/resource/greeting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - The sample REST endpoint can be reached at http://localhost:9080/api/resource/greeting.
```

    
## Liberty Starter

> The [Liberty Starter](http://start.openliberty.io) page can be used to generate maven or gradle projects.

Reviewer: Is this live?  If not, we should remove this section.

Author: Removed!
